ENGDOCS-1802b (#18621)
docker/docs: content/faq/security/general.md

---
description: Find the answers to common security related FAQs
keywords: Docker, Docker Hub, Docker Desktop secuirty FAQs, secuirty, platform, Docker Scout, admin, security
title: General security FAQs
---

### How do I report a vulnerability?

If you’ve discovered a security vulnerability in Docker, we encourage you to report it responsibly. Report security issues to security@docker.com so that they can be quickly addressed by our team.

### How are passwords managed when SSO isn't used? 

> Passwords are encrypted and salt-hashed. If you use application level passwords instead of SSO, you are responsible for ensuring that your employees know how to pick strong passwords, don't share passwords, and don't reuse passwords across multiple systems. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passwords are encrypted and salt-hashed. If you use application-level passwords instead of SSO, you are responsible for ensuring that your employees know how to pick strong passwords, don't share passwords, and don't reuse passwords across multiple systems. 
```

### Does Docker require password resets when SSO isn't used? 

Passwords aren't required to be periodically reset. NIST no longer recommends password resets as part of best practice.

### Does Docker lockout users after failed sign ins? 

Docker Hub’s global setting for system lockout is after 10 failed sign in attempts in a period of 5 minutes, and the lockout duration is 5 minutes. The same global policy applies to authenticated Docker Desktop users and Docker Scout, both of which use Docker Hub for authentication.

### Do you support physical MFA with YubiKeys? 

This would be configured through SSO using your IDP. Check with your IDP.

> ### How are sessions managed and do they timeout? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How are sessions managed and do they expire?
```

Sessions are managed through the IdP if configured.  

> Docker Desktop has 30 day timeouts, as long as the user doesn't go longer than 7 days without using Docker Desktop. For Docker Hub, sessions are managed through the IDP if configured. If using the application level sign in, users are signed out due to inactivity after 14 days and must sign in again after 30 days.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
Docker Desktop sessions expire after 30 days, or after 7 days of inactivity. For Docker Hub, sessions are managed through the IdP if configured. If you use application-level sign-in, users are signed out due to inactivity after 14 days and must sign in again after 30 days.
```

### How does Docker attribute downloads to us and what data is used to classify/verify the user is part of our organization? 

Docker Desktop downloads are linked to a specific organization by the user's email containing the customer's domain. Additionally, we use IP addresses to correlate users with organizations.

### How do you attribute that number of downloads to us from IP data if most of our engineers work from home and aren’t allowed to use VPNs? 

We attribute users and their IP addresses to domains using 3rd party data enrichment software, where our provider analyzes activity from public and private data sources related to that specific IP address, then uses that activity to identify the domain and map it to the IP address.

Some users (very few in comparison) actually authenticate by signing in to Docker Desktop and joining their domain's Docker org, which allows us to map them with a much higher degree of accuracy and report on direct feature usage for you. We highly encourage you to get your users authenticated so we can provide you with the most accurate data.

### How does Docker distinguish between employee users and contractor users? 

> Organizations set up in Docker use verified domains and any team member with an email domain other than what's verified is noted as a "Guest" in that org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organizations set up in Docker use verified domains and any team member with an email domain other than what's verified is noted as a "Guest" in that organization.
```

### How long are Docker Hub logs available? 

> Docker provides various types of audit logs and log retention varies. For example, Hub Activity logs are available for 90 days. You are responsible for exporting logs or setting up drivers to their own internal systems.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker provides various types of audit logs and log retention varies. For example, Docker Hub Activity logs are available for 90 days. You are responsible for exporting logs or setting up drivers to their own internal systems.  
```

### Can I export a list of all users with their assigned roles and privileges and if so, in what format?

Using the [Export Members](../../docker-hub/members.md) feature, customers can export to CSV a list of their users with role and team information. 

### How does Docker Desktop handle and store authentication information?

Docker Desktop utilizes the host operating system's secure key management for handling and storing authentication tokens necessary for authenticating with image registries. On macOS, this is [Keychain](https://support.apple.com/guide/security/keychain-data-protection-secb0694df1a/web); on Windows, this is [Security and Identity API via Wincred](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/wincred/); and on Linux, this is [Pass](https://www.passwordstore.org/). 

### How does Docker Hub secure passwords in storage and in transit? 

> This is applicable only when Docker Hub's application level password is used vs SSO/SAML. When SSO is used, Docker Hub does not store passwords. Application level passwords are hashed in storage (SHA-256) and encrypted in transit (TLS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is applicable only when Docker Hub's application-level password is used vs SSO/SAML. When SSO is used, Docker Hub does not store passwords. Application-level passwords are hashed in storage (SHA-256) and encrypted in transit (TLS).
```

### How do we de-provision access to CLI users who use personal access tokens instead of our IdP? We use SSO but not SCIM. 

> If SCIM is not enabled, you have to manually remove PAT users from the org in our system. When SCIM is used this is automated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If SCIM is not enabled, you have to manually remove PAT users from the organization in our system. When SCIM is used this is automated.
```

### What metadata is collected from container images that Scout analyzes?

For information about the metadata stored by Docker Scout, [Data handling](../../scout/data-handling.md).

### To which portions of the host filesystem do containers have read and write access? Can containers running as root gain access to admin owned files or directories on the host? 

> File sharing (bind mount from the host filesystem) uses a user-space crafted file server (running in com.docker.backend as the user running docker desktop), so containers can’t gain any access that the user on the host doesn’t already have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File sharing (bind mount from the host filesystem) uses a user-space crafted file server (running in `com.docker.backend` as the user running Docker Desktop), so containers can’t gain any access that the user on the host doesn’t already have.
```

### How are Extensions within the Marketplace vetting for security prior to placement? 

Security vetting for extensions is on our roadmap however this vetting is not currently done. 

> At present in the marketplace, there are two types of extensions - reviewed and self-published. Reviewed extensions are used and reviewed by the Publisher team against a set of criteria, and if they pass they are included in the marketplace with a **Reviewed** label. Self-published extensions are automatically placed in the marketplace with a **Not reviewed** label. 

Reviewer: I don't think we should be calling out the "Publisher team" here as its own entity.
